JetBrains: Disable the agent by default (#54257)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: client/jetbrains/CONTRIBUTING.md

  agent binary to function properly. This agent binary is automatically built from source if it does not exist. To
  speed up edit/test/debug feedback loops, the agent binary does not get rebuilt unless you provide the
  `-PforceAgentBuild=true` flag when running Gradle. For example, `./gradlew :runIde -PforceAgentBuild=true`.

> - The Cody agent is disabled by default for local `./gradlew :runIde` task only.

Reviewer: This is incorrect. 

```suggestion
- The Cody agent is enabled by default for the local `./gradlew :runIde` task and disabled for production builds.
```

Author: the point of these changes is to disable it for the local `runIde` though.
so it's now disabled by default.

Reviewer: Then without "only", and mentioning build? "only" was particularly confusing.
```suggestion
- The Cody agent is disabled by default for both `./gradlew :build` and the local `./gradlew :runIde` task.
```

>   Use the `-PenableAgent=true` property to enable the Cody agent. For example, `./gradlew :runIde -PenableAgent=true`.

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
  Use the `-PdisableAgent=true` property to disable the Cody agent. For example, `./gradlew :runIde -PdisableAgent=true`. Use the `-PenableAgent=true` property to enable the Cody agent. For example, `./gradlew :runIde -PenableAgent=true`. (Default is disabled.)
```

Author: it goes by an `enableAgent` flag after my changes, not `disableAgent`

Reviewer: Makes sense, I misunderstood. My understanding was that both flags already existed and we were only changing the default.

>   Unless the agent is enabled, the plugin falls back to the non-agent based implementation.

Reviewer: I'd keep the original version (plus fixed a typo in it).

```suggestion
  When the agent is disabled, the plugin falls back to the non-agent-based implementation.
```
